hi it's me and so as I'd say I'm a skin
care fanatic before I'm a makeup fanatic
and so when I see companies that I like
on the skincare front mixing this
concept of makeup and skincare I am
always a little bit intrigued so I got
one of the Clarins a clot minutes oh god
instant light lip comfort oil
so this basically I got from Nordstrom
and they're supposed to be two colors
it's a limited edition one raspberry
number two which I got and then another
orange color which I have not seen on
Nordstrom site at all as soon as I
started seeing this pop-up on beauty
blogs I went looking for it and I only
found the raspberry so far so I don't
know if that means it's not out yet or
what but it's $23 it's 0.1 ounce and
they say it's limited edition so this is
what it looks like it's got a really
thick wand you see a bust and it's like
a cushiony wand it's got a strong fruity
it smells to me like kind of the
desserts that I would get in England
when I was a kid my grandmother would
give me just like really fruity fruity
sweet in a good way it's a good smell to
me but it won't be to everyone and it's
got they say it doesn't have a thick
texture but I don't know if it does have
a slightly thick texture not super thick
but it's a little bit it's not just like
an oil it definitely feels more like a
lip gloss to me and not the lightest lip
gloss but not the heaviest lip gloss
either
so this says containing makeup and skin
you're combining makeup skincare this
subtly fragranced lip beauty oil offers
unique since Oreo feel it contains a
cocktail a plant oils which instantly
suit the lips while enhancing them with
a beautiful shine and no sticky feel
tiny sticky not a lot if you're really
sensitive so sticky it's sticky
otherwise it's not enriched with a
nourishing fatty acids hazelnut
raspberry and are getting to Joelle's
and protect the lips from dehydration to
leave them self comfortable and luminous
see
can see it's super super shiny this
product is actually really growing on me
it really actually does live up to the
claim and that I find it very hydrating
to me on it looks a lot like a natural
lip gloss so I definitely see the color
the shine and I'll put some on my wrist
I definitely see that I have outdoor
swatches too but you'll see it's almost
not there and I have super pigmented
lips it's a little shiny thing but it
does that just a little bit of pink to
the lips if you don't have super
pigmented lips like I do you probably
won't get a lot of color out of this you
get a little honestly but not a lot it
does wear with that super super super
shiny look for about an hour to an hour
and a half and it really does so
beautifully into my lips leaving kind of
a slight stain I'm not much like I said
there's not too much color leaving a
slight stain maybe for an hour and a
half I can see color on my lips and I do
find it actually very hydrating so if
you're looking for a product like this
it's actually very pretty on you can
even see I get I think pretty full
coverage it just makes my look lips look
natural and shiny but with kind of a
better texture and a better wear in my
opinion than lip gloss not it's not
quite as sticky and it does kind of
really hydrate as well which you can
feel it I can feel it so overall I
really like this product I was kind of
underwhelmed when I first tried it on
but then I've been wearing it for a
couple days and the more I wear it the
more I really like it it's one of those
things that I kind of didn't know I
needed but now feel like it's a huge
value add so anyway that's all I have to
say about it